-----EN-----
Operating System Simulation

This project was created to perform a simple operating system simulation in the C++ programming language. It was developed to understand and apply the basic components of operating systems. The project includes operating system components such as process management, memory management, input/output management, and user interface.
Requirements

    C++ compiler (eg GCC, Clang)
    C++ IDE (e.g. Visual Studio, Eclipse CDT, Code::Blocks, CLion)

Setup

    Clone this repository to your computer or download it as ZIP.

shell

git clone https://github.com/your-username/operating-system-simulation.git

    Open your C++ IDE and import the project file.

    Compile and run the project file.

Contributions

If you would like to make your contributions to this project, follow these steps:

    "Fork" this repository into your GitHub account.

    Create a new branch with your changes.

    Make your changes and complete your edits.

    Submit a "pull request" (PR) with explanations explaining the changes made.

Licence

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more information, you can review the LICENSE file.
Communication

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the project, please contact me at [email protected].

This README file was created to provide basic information about the project and to share the installation, usage, contribution and licensing information of the project.

Good luck!

----TR-----
İşletim Sistemi Simülasyonu

Bu proje, C++ programlama dilinde basit bir işletim sistemi simülasyonunu gerçekleştirmek için oluşturulmuştur. İşletim sistemlerinin temel bileşenlerini anlamak ve uygulamak amacıyla geliştirilmiştir. Proje, süreç yönetimi, bellek yönetimi, giriş/çıkış yönetimi ve kullanıcı arabirimi gibi işletim sistemi bileşenlerini içermektedir.
Gereksinimler

    C++ derleyicisi (ör. GCC, Clang)
    C++ IDE (ör. Visual Studio, Eclipse CDT, Code::Blocks, CLion)

Kurulum

    Bu depoyu bilgisayarınıza klonlayın veya ZIP olarak indirin.

shell

git clone https://github.com/your-username/operating-system-simulation.git

    C++ IDE'nizi açın ve proje dosyasını içe aktarın.

    Proje dosyasını derleyin ve çalıştırın.

Katkılar

Katkılarınızı bu projeye yapmak isterseniz, aşağıdaki adımları izleyin:

    Bu depoyu kendi GitHub hesabınıza "fork" edin.

    Yaptığınız değişiklikleri içeren yeni bir dal (branch) oluşturun.

    Değişikliklerinizi yapın ve düzenlemelerinizi tamamlayın.

    Yapılan değişiklikleri açıklayan açıklamalarla birlikte bir "pull request" (PR) gönderin.

Lisans

Bu proje MIT Lisansı altında lisanslanmıştır. Daha fazla bilgi için LICENSE dosyasını inceleyebilirsiniz.
İletişim

Eğer projeye dair herhangi bir sorunuz veya öneriniz varsa, lütfen [email protected] adresinden bana ulaşın.

Bu README dosyası, projeyle ilgili temel bilgileri sağlamak ve projenin kurulumu, kullanımı, katkı sağlanması ve lisans bilgilerini paylaşmak için oluşturulmuştur.

Başarılar dilerim!

